# Disclaimer
---
This data model and the respective guidelines and tools were developed by and for practitioners preparing and implementing International Aid and Development Cooperation projects and to provide them with assistance and examples of how to collect, validate, manage, and maintain project locations on-site or remotely.
The content in this repository was carefully drafted by [MAPME Community of Practice](https://www.mapme-initiative.org/) members, their partners, advisers and other related experts by reflecting the extensive experience gained in such projects. The material and information provided here are however general in nature. They does not constitute any form of legal, technical, or other advice and therefore does not purport to replace such legal, technical, or other advice for a specific project or question by a user. Any use of the material or information provided in this repository for specific projects is at the user’s own risk.
Due to the general nature of the data model and guidelines, conclusions drawn from them always need to be adjusted to the specific needs and design of the respective project context. MAPME Community of Practice members can therefore not be held liable for any use and any conclusions drawn from the data model, guidelines and tools. The boundaries, colors, denominations, and other information shown on any map in this work do not imply any judgment on the part of [MAPME Community of Practice](https://www.mapme-initiative.org/) members concerning the legal status of any territory or the endorsement or acceptance of such boundaries.
MAPME Community of Practice members make no representation and exclude to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law any responsibility or liability for the data model, guidelines and tools, their content, or any errors or omissions made there. The information contained in this repository is provided for information purposes only and on an “as is” basis with no guarantees of completeness, accuracy, usefulness, or timeliness.
---
# Main authors, contributors & publishers:
[MAPME Community of Practice](https://www.mapme-initiative.org/)
This work is a product of the staff of MAPME Community of Practice members and other expert organizations working in international aid and development. The findings, interpretations, and conclusions expressed in this work do not necessarily reflect the views of all members, expert organizations, theirs Board of Executive Directors, or the governments they represent. The authors do not guarantee the accuracy of the data included in this work.
